### Dataset Description

The battery and velocity datasets associated with this paper are located in the `dataset/` folder. This folder contains two subfolders, each corresponding to one of the datasets:

- `battery_dataset/`
- `velocity_dataset/`

Each subfolder organizes data into directories for training, testing, and reference (*not validation*). Reference data is not used for model validation.The battery dataset (current profiles) is generated by simulating on the velocity data (drive cycles). All the dataset named with assertive or defensive are based on our own classification model.
One way to identify velocity data (drive cycles) is they are in `.xlsx` format, where as battery data (current profiles) is `.csv` format

---

### velocity_dataset folder structure :

- `train/` – contains *16* drive cycles used for ML modeling and is grouped based on driving style & batch
    - `assertive_batch1/` belongs to assertive driver of batch 1, which in turn contains the actual drive cycles

<br>

- `test/` – contains *4* test drive cycles, named by batch and driving style. 
    - `test_1_def` is test drive cycle 1 for a defensive driver

<br>

- `reference/` – contains *3* reference drive cycles, named based on trip behavior:
    - `brake_once` single braking event occurs from maximum to mean velocity  
    - `cons_max_vel` trip at constant maximum velocity
    - `cons_mean_vel` trip at constant mean velocity

---

### battery_dataset folder structure:

- `train\` – contains *102* current profiles (96 original + 6 retest) used for ML modeling.
    - `batch1_method1_assertive_downhill_1` belongs 1st driver of batch 1 with method 1 charging habit, assertive driving style and downhill terrain


- **test/** – test data derived from the velocity dataset. 
- **reference/** – reference data not used for validation.  

---

### Notes:
- The folder structure mirrors the way data is used machine learning training and testing.  
- Reference data provides insight into typical drive cycles or current profile but is not directly used in model validation.